Minor updates to "About page" (#2966)
astronomer/docs: astro/astro-architecture.md

## Architecture

Astro is built to both simplify and optimize Airflow so you can customize the parts of your environment that matter most to you, with Astro taking care of the rest. Whether you use Astro to power internal analytics or to train machine learning models, learning how Astro works can help you decide which deployment and connectivity model work best for you and enable your team to start running DAGs.

> You can work with Astro using the [Cloud UI](#cloud-ui) in your web browser, the [Astro CLI](#astro-cli) in your terminal or as part of a CI/CD process, or the Astro API. Astro makes it easy for Airflow environments, called [Deployments](#deployment), to securely connect to external data services. The _Astro Hypervisor_ is an Astronomer-managed component of the Astro platform that scales and optimizes the infrastructure that powers your Deployments. The following diagram shows how these components work together to help you manage Airflow on Astro.

Author: ```suggestion
You can work with Astro using the [Cloud UI](#cloud-ui) in your web browser, the [Astro CLI](#astro-cli) in your terminal or as part of a CI/CD process, or the Astro API. Astro makes it easy for Airflow environments, called [Deployments](#deployment), to securely connect to external data services. The _Astro Hypervisor_ is an Astronomer-managed component of the Astro platform that scales and optimizes the [clusters](#cluster) that power your Deployments. 

The following diagram shows how these components work together to help you manage Airflow on Astro.
```

Author: Edited this to include a reference to clusters, but stopped short of mentioning standard/ dedicated even though it's included in the diagram. Just didn't feel like the right place to explain that level of detail.

Reviewer: I think we decided to leave these in at this point because there isn't a place where we describe them at this level anywhere else in the docs and it's a 

I think that maybe instead of removing them entirely, we should move the content to the end of the introduction in this overview page: https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/create-deployment

I think that the Astro Hypervisor line should still be in the preceding paragraph, as that's the description that introduces all the components in the following diagram.

Author: I didn't realize that this content wasn't anywhere else in the docs! It should definitely be in "Create a Deployment". Here it felt odd because it was helping the user make a decision, whereas I thought this doc was only meant to be considered within the frame of "reference"

![Astro Hosted architecture overview](/img/docs/astro-architecture-lightmode.png)

## Key concepts

The following sections give a detailed explanation of key concepts that you need to understand in order to work with Astro. You can find definitions for additional Astro-specific terminology in the [Astro glossary](astro-glossary.md). 

### Astro CLI

> The [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md) provides an interface to test Airflow DAGs locally, deploy code to Astro, and automate key actions as part of a CI/CD process. The Astro CLI is fully open source.

Reviewer: Can you explain a little why you feel like we should remove this detail?

Author: Two reasons:
- You don't actually need a container engine to complete a decent amount of CLI actions. 
- I felt the inclusion of a prerequisite was out of the scope of the "About" content

I don't feel strongly though, added it back in a suggestion below with a slight rewording.

> The [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md) provides an interface to test Airflow DAGs locally, deploy code to Astro, and automate key actions as part of a CI/CD process. The Astro CLI is fully open source.

Author: ```suggestion
The [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md) is an open source interface you can use to test Airflow DAGs locally, deploy code to Astro, and automate key Astro actions as part of a CI/CD process. Using the Astro CLI to run Airflow locally requires Docker or an alternative container management tool, like Podman.
```

## Architecture

> Astro is built to both simplify and optimize Airflow so you can customize the parts of your environment that matter most to you, with Astro taking care of the rest. Whether you use Astro to power internal analytics or to train machine learning models, learning how Astro works can help you decide which deployment and connectivity model work best for you and enable your team to start running DAGs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro is built to both simplify and optimize Airflow so you can customize the parts of your environment that matter most to you, with Astro taking care of the rest. Whether you use Astro to power internal analytics or to train machine learning models, learning how Astro works can help you decide which deployment and connectivity model works best for you and enables your team to start running DAGs.
```

A _cluster_ in Astro is a Kubernetes cluster that hosts the infrastructure required to run your Airflow environments, also known as [Deployments](#deployment) in Astro. There are two types of clusters in Astro:

> - A _standard cluster_ is a multi-tenant cluster that's pre-configured by Astronomer. Each Deployment in the cluster exists in its own isolated Kubernetes namespace. To run a Deployment in a standard cluster, you select a cloud provider and region when you create the Deployment. Then, Astro automatically creates your Deployment in an existing standard cluster based on your configuration. See [Standard cluster configurations](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/resource-reference-hosted#standard-cluster-configurations) for a list of all cloud providers and regions where you can use standard clusters.

Reviewer: Ah! I see the cluster information got moved to below. Ok - I think we still might want to move this information also into https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/create-deployment but that might be good for a follow up!

A _cluster_ in Astro is a Kubernetes cluster that hosts the infrastructure required to run your Airflow environments, also known as [Deployments](#deployment) in Astro. There are two types of clusters in Astro:

- A _standard cluster_ is a multi-tenant cluster that's pre-configured by Astronomer. Each Deployment in the cluster exists in its own isolated Kubernetes namespace. To run a Deployment in a standard cluster, you select a cloud provider and region when you create the Deployment. Then, Astro automatically creates your Deployment in an existing standard cluster based on your configuration. See [Standard cluster configurations](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/resource-reference-hosted#standard-cluster-configurations) for a list of all cloud providers and regions where you can use standard clusters.

> - A _dedicated cluster_ is a single-tenant cluster that's used exlusively by your Organization. Compared to standard clusters, dedicated clusters provide more configuration options for [cloud providers and regions](resource-reference-hosted.md#dedicated-cluster-configurations), as well as [private network connectivity](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/category/connect-to-external-resources) and [security](authorize-workspaces-to-a-cluster.md). Note that due to expanded resource usage, dedicated clusters cost more than standard clusters. See [Create a Dedicated cluster](create-dedicated-cluster.md) to get started with dedicated clusters.

Author: ```suggestion
- A _dedicated cluster_ is a single-tenant cluster that's used exclusively by Organizations with additional security and networking requirements. Compared to standard clusters, dedicated clusters provide more configuration options for [cloud providers and regions](resource-reference-hosted.md#dedicated-cluster-configurations), as well as [private network connectivity](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/category/connect-to-external-resources) and [security](authorize-workspaces-to-a-cluster.md). Note that due to expanded resource usage, dedicated clusters cost more than standard clusters. See [Create a Dedicated cluster](create-dedicated-cluster.md) to get started with dedicated clusters.
```
